XF Open Framework (XFOF)

This is an open framework for XF developers to add their freely distributed add-on and/or template edits to XF license holders.

Standardized

The entire purpose of this open framework is to not confuse novices, yet instead make adding custom features to Xenforo without complication.

Template Modification System (TMS)

XFOF uses the TMS to provide all template modifications. You can use the TMS or use PHP directly, the choice is yours as a developer.

Open Editing

Adding anything to the framework allows for others to refine your work, improve it, modify it, basically to give the framework the best momentum for forward compatibility as possible.

Templates

All custom templates must start with xfof_ to ensure all XFOF templates can be easily located at the end of XF templates, all nested together, so users don't have to chase templates throughout styles.

Style Properties

All style properties should be built into the existing XFOF style settings and option panels, clearly using the modification name to denote what it refers to.

This keeps all style enabling / disabling and minor customisations in one location.

If your add-on is simply that large with so many style properties it needs its own styling tabs, then you should create them directly nested with XFOF, using XFOF Add-on Name, keeping the same clean solution that is all located together for ease of use.

Style Options

There is an XFOF option page already established. The same rules should apply, being you add your contribution under your add-ons heading to the options page, thus reducing overall clutter by introducing options throughout XF option pages.

If you add-on has so many options that it absolutely requires its own options page, then you should create them directly nested with XFOF, using XFOF add-on name, keeping the same clean solution that is all located together for ease of use.

Clutterless Is The Idea

The less style pages and options pages presented, means the simplest solution for novices to find everything in a single location.
